Hello, Miss Billy. This is Brandon. Of
course you know, but I just had this
visitation that I have to tell you about
privately on this. I'm sitting here
after it was over, and the Lord said,
"Make a video. Don't call her on the
phone, just tell her."So, this is
what I saw: I saw Lucy. I saw Brother
Halverson.
I saw Jeannie Wilkerson. And they were...
I'll tell you what I saw. I was
interceding and all of a sudden
tonight, I was caught up in the
spirit, and I got taken,
and
I was hearing people sing with me. And I
was singing, "From glory to glory, He's
changing me, changing me."And all of a
sudden, I heard other voices in my room
singing this song with me as I was
worshiping in the glory. And Diana could
smell the fragrance of the Father and
Jesus. "I'm here with you."And all of a
sudden, I could hear, "From glory to glory,
He's changing us."And it was beautiful
singing, and I was like... I noticed that
voice before. That's Lucy,
Lynn's
sister. I said, "Honey,
I hear her
voice."And
all of a sudden, I was taken up, and I
went through like this pillar,
this shaft of a tunnel. It was
like a tunnel, and all of a sudden, I went
through this tunnel, and there was purple,
and there were clouds, and it was beautiful.
And I went up through it, and I could
see into heaven. And I said, "Lord, what
is this?"He said, "This is the great
cloud of witnesses, Brandon. They're
praying with you
tonight."And
I could hear
Sister Lucy interceding for America
and...
I'll try to do this without crying.
I could hear her singing, praying for
her sister, Lynn. And I could
hear her interceding for Minnesota. And
she was saying, "Minnesota,
Minnesota,"and
she was praying in tongues,
a heavenly tongue. It was glorious. And
they were interceding in heaven for
America, for a revival. And
I could see Brother Halverson, and they
were praying together. And I
could see Jeannie Wilkerson and
Rachel Tippet Teafatiller, and there were two
other people. I don't know who they
were, but they were sitting on a
patchwork quilt.
I can describe it to
you: Lucy
was sitting in a rocking chair that was
like a beautiful, old,
oak rocking chair. It was all
Southern-looking.
It was beautiful. And
they were sitting on a grassy meadow
with a beautiful oak tree. And this oak
tree was gorgeous, and there was no
darkness in it at all. None of the
leaves had shadows.
All of this oak tree was beautiful,
shining bright. And I could see it as I
was looking through this portal.
And I could see Jeannie
Wilkerson was sitting next to this lady
that had a bun in her hair. She looked
like she had a big, Holy Ghost
Pentecostal haircut, like her hair
was pulled up and it was in a bun
on top of a bun.
She looked like an old Pentecostal woman,
and they were all travailing for
Minnesota. And I could see
Brother Halverson, but they looked
young-looking.
Of course, they were in
their glorified bodies, but the Lord said,
"Brandon, they're
interceding for the revival. They're
travailing for the revival."But as I
could see... Okay. Oh, the Lord said,
"Don't skip around."I got to tell you
about the patchwork quilt. The patchwork
quilt had pastel colors. I
could see purple, blue,
pink, and white on
this quilt that Sister
Wilkerson was sitting on with these
other women. And like I said, Lucy was
in the chair. And Brother Halverson was
sitting next to Lucy. And I could see
him,
and I could see the quilt was on the
ground, but there were flowers, these
beautiful little daisies on top
of the purple square-looking quilt
pattern. And each daisy was perfectly in
a row. And I could see
yellow threads come up through
where each square
would be connected to each other.
In those little squares were
little yellow threads that were like
bows.
Beautiful little bows were inside of
those little squares of this
patchwork quilt, and they
were having intercession. And all of a
sudden, I could see Minnesota,
and then Lynn Hammond's church
became on fire, and a great wave of the
glory of God... The Lord said to me,
He said, "I visited it once before.
But what I'm about to do at Living Word,
son, will dwarf what I've done
before. For a great, mighty harvest, a
great move of My presence will visit in
another generation. For I visited this
generation, Lynn, and
a new way for a new generation.
A new way for a new generation is what
the Father said. A new way for a new
generation. And I will visit Living Word
one more time with this great move of My
presence."And
I saw a glorious
fire all over Living Word Church
there in Minnesota. And I heard Brother
Halverson was praying, "Minnesota,
Minnesota."And
he was travailing,
"Minnesota."And
he was
calling for revival, "Minnesota,
Minnesota."And
he was travailing
over this as I was hearing it echo as
Lucy was rocking in this chair, and
they were both praying back and
forth with each other, and I heard it.
But this was what was amazing:
as it was being travailed in
heaven, their prayers went through that
portal and it hit me in the chest, and it
caused the prayer to come through me, and
I started groaning the prayer out in the
spirit realm that was happening in
heaven. It came through the portal and
hit my stomach, and it started
to travail through me. And
the Lord said, "Pray it out. They're
helping you. Pray it out. They're
helping you. There's a great revival
coming to Branson. There's a great
revival coming to Collinsville. You must
help them. Pray, pray,
pray."And
yes, He said heaven.
I'm trying to get all...
I could feel the glory when I started
talking about it again. I could see it,
baby.
Okay.
Heaven and earth are
going to collide. The Lord said heaven
and earth are going to collide. And He
said, "In one moment, in everything that
I've ever desired, the greatest
harvest of souls, Brandon, everything's
going to change in a 24-hour period.
Watch September. Watch these months
ahead. For the birthing pains and the
labor pains will increase upon the
earth, but My glorious church, Brandon,
will rise with a great fire,
without spot, without wrinkle, what
we've all been believing for. But it will be
the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of
the Lord."And I saw Minnesota, and
I've
never seen Minnesota. But the Lord said,
"Brandon, Minnesota, Minnesota,
Minnesota. Watch what I do in
Minnesota."And
I saw a revival coming to Minnesota.
And I saw a revival coming to Branson. I
saw a revival coming to Eagle Mountain
Church. I saw a revival coming
to
Collinsville, Oklahoma."And He said,
"Brandon, there's going to be hot spots
throughout the world, around
America."But
He said, "Watch what I'm about to
do. There'll be hot
spots."And
I was taken to ORU, and I saw the Mabee
Center,
and it was completely
engulfed
with the glory of God, and it was a flame
of fire. It looked like a teardrop. It
was fire, and the fire of God. And
He said, "Brandon."And then He said,
"I'm going to shake all the temples in
India. I will shake the temples down,
the false gods, and I'm going to break
them down, and there's
going to be major earthquakes."And I
saw a major revival, a flood. He said,
"I'm shaking it, Brandon, and
I'm going to visit India. I'm going
to visit China."And I saw a great
revival coming in like we've never seen
before in these areas. And so, it all
came out of the prayer as Lucy and
they
were interceding for a revival
for America, for heaven and earth are
going to be invaded together. They're
coming as one. And I said, "Oh, Jesus,
what a time to be living in. What a time
to be living in these last days,
ladies and gentlemen. Oh, I'm not
talking to my crowd. What a time to
be living in. Jesus is coming. And so
that's what I had for you. But it was so
beautiful the way the cloud looked.
I wanted to see
it. You've
got to tell Miss Lynn, too. That
would probably bless her.
Maybe you tell Lynn.
I just wanted to tell you, Miss
Billy, because you're my friend.
But I thought this is something
that's so precious that I couldn't
keep it to myself. I had to tell
people what
they're praying for us over
there,
our loved ones that have
went home before us. And I don't even
know Lucy. I don't even know these
people. But they're praying for us, and
they're interceding for Minnesota, and
they're interceding for
us—the
great cloud of witnesses. Jesus is
coming.
And it's something that I'll
never forget the rest of my life what
Jesus just showed me. And it's so
beautiful. Our Jeannie Wilkerson
looks so nice. Her skin looked so young, and
in
every vision I saw, her
skin was so young. And in all the
things I've seen her, she looks so old,
but she was so young and so
fresh. I knew exactly who she was,
and Rachel Tiller and this great
cloud
before us. God bless you. I just
wanted to tell you about it. Thank you.
Bye-bye."